Add table for eventing assets (#1896) (#3304)
knative/docs: docs/install/assets/eventing.md

> # Knative Serving installation files (0.21 releases)

Reviewer: Remove the specific version `(0.21 releases)` this will be merged into master, and then it can be cherry pick

Author: I'll remove the version.

> # Knative Serving installation files (0.21 releases)

Reviewer 2: Serving -> Eventing

| File name | Description | Dependencies|
| --- | --- | --- |

> | eventing-core.yaml | Knative Serving core components. |  none |

Reviewer: replace `none` with `eventing-crds.yaml`

Reviewer 3: I might be missing something but `eventing-core.yaml` includes the CRDs such as `apiserversources.sources.knative.dev`, `brokers.eventing.knative.dev`, etc 
So, is `eventing-crds.yaml` a dependency ?

Reviewer: Yes we like to say is a dependency because most of the time installing core.yaml fails because of eventual consistency and race conditions. This is why in the instructions we tell to install cards yaml first once that's settle then install core yaml even if it contains the same cards again

Reviewer 3: Thanks

> | eventing-core.yaml | Knative Serving core components. |  none |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| eventing-core.yaml | Knative Eventing core components. |  eventing-crds.yaml |
```

Reviewer 3: Whoops, thanks for catching the `Serving` -> `Eventing`. That was my bad.
Regarding the dependency, does the comment above make sense ? https://github.com/knative/docs/pull/3304#discussion_r586638503

Reviewer 4: Carlos explained what I was thinking.

> | eventing-crds.yaml | Knative Serving core CRDs. | none |

Reviewer: I would put crds.yaml above core.yaml, since crds.yaml needs to be install first, core depends on it

Reviewer 4: +1

Author: I think the list is supposed to follow the order in the eventing release
<img width="287" alt="Screen Shot 2021-03-04 at 17 40 07" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33425661/110005691-aff5c380-7d10-11eb-8818-d2f71913e0ad.png">

Also it follows the same order as the equivalent table for serving: https://github.com/yanweiguo/docs/blob/c3b1e89048674b7cc235f8e59c715a41986aab5c/docs/install/assets/serving.md

If you feel it is necessary to change the order, it would be best to do it in both tables (they will be on the same page).

> | eventing-post-install.yaml | Optional jobs after installing eventing-core.yaml. | eventing-core.yaml |

Reviewer: I would try to get a better description, on why would someone needs to use this job, is it to be use as part of the upgrade instructions? Only applicable when doing upgrades?

Reviewer 3: Yep, I wasn't sure exactly what the jobs do, so we used the same description from the PR for serving https://github.com/knative/docs/pull/3296/files
Having said that, it would definitely be useful to get a clearer definition

@csantanapr  who, would be the best person to chime in on this ?

> | eventing-post-install.yaml | Optional jobs after installing eventing-core.yaml. | eventing-core.yaml |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| eventing-post-install.yaml | Required jobs for upgrading to a new minor version. | eventing-core.yaml, eventing-crds.yaml |
```

| eventing-sugar-controller.yaml | Optional reconciler that watches for labels and annotations on certain resources to inject eventing components. | eventing-core.yaml |
| in-memory-channel.yaml | Components to configure In-Memory Channels. | eventing-core.yaml |

> | mt-channel-broker.yaml | Components to configure MT Channel Broker. | eventing-core.yaml |

Reviewer: I would spell out `MT` people might not know the meaning of `MT` also for future language translations fewer acronyms is better

Reviewer 4: I agree.

Reviewer 3: `MT` is Multi-Tenant, just in case.
When I first saw it I incorrectly thought it was `Memory Transport` 😁

Author: Thanks, I'll spell it out in another commit
